The lampshade was torn up. The blankets had holes burned in them, and other stains. Allmy stay was fineCareful when booking! My Fiance and I hosted our engagement party at this venue. We we're very excited and reserved half of the venue for 3 hours of drinks and appetizers for family and friends. We are very disappointed with the service that we got from the event coordinator. During the booking process and contract stage she messed up sending me the wrong party information (BEO) and date several times. The night started and there was a miscommunication with the coordinator and the bar staff. For half the event our guests we told they could not order certain drinks from the bar that we had paid for! This was very embarrassing to us knowing that our 60+ guests we're told they could only order bud and bud lt when we had specifically talked about offering all draft beer + bud and bud lt. Secondly we were told we would have our own bartender to take care of our group seeing as there were 60 people at the event. We only saw 2 bartenders behind the bar 3 times that night. Most of the time there was only 1 bartender for the whole bar and had several people mention how long it took to get a drink. Long story short it is a pretty venue but you do not want to host an event here. The service is absolutely horrible. Even after the event when I brought up the issues I figured they would help us out with a discount or gift card and all they offered us was a buy 1 get 1 free coupon to brunch!Great venue for our reception. It was not too expensive, it looked formal, and the food was great.Lack of communication was a huge problem with this venue. I initially began the planning process with one wonderfully professional catering manager. She was fired from this venue and I was never informed of this. The successive catering manager was NOT responsive, did not return my calls in a timely manner, and was extremely arrogant. We had problems with our room reservations, late check out communication and a not much was done to accommodate the challenges that we experienced. We spent more than $31,000.00 and were very displeased with The Garden of the Gods Club. We even endured disrespectful comments from club members concerning wedding party members. Their claim to fame is the beautiful background setting...The Garden of the Gods...I was extremely disappointed with their service.Was suppost to be a quality inn. Was not told of a change until i got there. There wasit was a terriable expeirence, they should blow it upParking was atrocious Iron did not work Iron holder fell from wall Ironing board is flimsy and dangerous Grab bars in shower are loose Shower head is cheap Security latch on sliding door falling off Breakfast eggs were inedible Not muchNothingGot kicked out of our room for a whole night and no one wanted to help. The front desk was rude and complacent. The air conditioner did not work in our room either. The beach was great and you are by a lot of stuff to do.Everything Nothing