None what so ever. The staff were all friendly whether at the 6th floor, Reception Area at the 3rd floor or at the Rox an Italian restaurant especially Mr.Milan who was very friendly courteous.Friendly staff in a beautiful setting combined with excellent value for money.Staff was amazing. So cheerful and helpful. I loved the food as well. Room service is quick. For quite a big order took only 30 minutes.reception desk should explain things a little more in detail on check in Service excellence friendlyThe control system of room A/C should be looked into. Temperature reduction system is not working properly as shown on the control panel. Overall hotel management service is noteworthy. Trip to airport at the time of departure kept me out of anxiety.Nothing as such. The city is in a bad shape and the pollution and dirt doesnot allow you to roam much but the resort was fantastic. Swimming Pool and Jogging Track was a delight. Casino Pride was also amazing.nothing EverythingsNothing EverythingI wish Rox Restaurant was open for more hours because of how fantastic the food is. Very helpful staff members, excellent quality and facilities. Baldev in particular was extremely helpful and attentive.Staff are very good and I would like to go againA lot of noise from the other bathrooms all around. Very disappointing when you can hear all the details people do in there. The bedroom was fabulous with a very large comfortable bed, the bathroom instilled a real sense of calm in me with a luxurious sized bath and a large walk-in shower. The breakfast room was immensely superb with high ceilingwith a vast selection of foods. The swimming pool is a good size and I love it being outdoors. The 24hr gym is well equipped and I had a great massage in the spa.I like the vanity area in the bedroom so I can get hair and makeup ready out of the way. The layout of the rooms seems more like an apartment than a hotel room. And love the fireplace next to the excellent view of the beach.The only thing was the coffee maker took about half hour to drip The bed was really comfortable.The view was spectacular lovely sitting outside on the deck having a glass of wine.We also loved the poolONLY issue - There was no place to sit and eat breakfast. It was a very congested area, where you had to pick up food and then take it back to your room to eat. Great view of the ocean, a nice patio we could sit outside and listen to the waves hit the shore. Immediate beach access. Very comfy bed, nice heavy curtains so it was dark and restful. Breakfast choices were good. Loved it.the view from the third floor is great. saw a whale passing by this evening!